com/codegym/service/tag/ITagService.java
 com.codegym.service.tag.ITagService
com/codegym/config/AppConfiguration.java
 com.codegym.config.AppConfiguration
com/codegym/controller/FoodController.java
 com.codegym.controller.FoodController
com/codegym/model/Role.java
 com.codegym.model.Role
com/codegym/model/Discount.java
 com.codegym.model.Discount
com/codegym/model/User.java
 com.codegym.model.User
com/codegym/repository/IFoodRepository.java
 com.codegym.repository.IFoodRepository
com/codegym/model/Tag.java
 com.codegym.model.Tag
com/codegym/controller/TagController.java
 com.codegym.controller.TagController
com/codegym/model/OrderDetail.java
 com.codegym.model.OrderDetail
com/codegym/service/tag/TagService.java
 com.codegym.service.tag.TagService
com/codegym/model/Order.java
 com.codegym.model.Order
com/codegym/model/Price.java
 com.codegym.model.Price
com/codegym/model/Type.java
 com.codegym.model.Type
com/codegym/repository/ITagRepository.java
 com.codegym.repository.ITagRepository
com/codegym/config/AppInit.java
 com.codegym.config.AppInit
com/codegym/model/Food.java
 com.codegym.model.Food
com/codegym/model/Restaurant.java
 com.codegym.model.Restaurant
com/codegym/model/User_role.java
 com.codegym.model.User_role
com/codegym/service/IGeneralService.java
 com.codegym.service.IGeneralService
com/codegym/repository/IPriceRepository.java
 com.codegym.repository.IPriceRepository
com/codegym/repository/IUserRepository.java
 com.codegym.repository.IUserRepository
